Good day to all with you Peregrine Falcon
and today we look at such an interesting
thing like
counter
Consider 3 types of analog
serial and binary to start
I will introduce you to the design of the new
short pulse generator
in here it is in front of you when we click on
the key signal disappears for a short
time this time can be customized
using a repeater
and the very first shevchik is analog
the counter every time we press a button
signal strength is reduced by one
how to do it with us
here is the most common
itself usually pagan memory analog
but slightly changed the way we can
it fully powered on all the power we
there will be a way out here
but how to make a signal
decreased
we can lengthen the signal path and here it is
on its own little
discharged but in order for this
happened when you press the key do
lock marking with piston
which overlaps
this wire is now testing when
I press
fully powered
and push the button
we have a piston for seconds off and it moves
son lengthens therefore weaken and how
the result is a signal strength decreases by
decreases
our next counter is a shear
register
on d3 eras he is very fast and very little
very small
press the keys the finals from here are shifted
that way you can do it
successive steps or for others
target use shift register
here in the form it works
it's based on the d3 rah and here's the d-trigger
in solo
variation of how it works it remembers
the state of the winter entrance when
we press the key is remembered then
input state
if at the input one click on
the exit key is also one if
input 0 press the exit key too
if we connect them like this
consistently
and block the signal from this repeater
short pulse generator
can do consistent .
but if you serve a little thread construction
can do reset
of this
shift register any moment there are 2
kind of there is such a simpler thing on one
You can make a piston quickly
propels all signals to the end
they pass so quickly disappears but
can you make her
did not progress to the end but all at once
completely strayed for this
we can just lift these blocks
I'll show you how
shaman key
she instantly gets off
next topic
also very interesting here before you
a masterpiece of engineering is t3
flat
what's his feature is he without pistons
flat and just based on
boot funnels maps
when we press the button then the signal
changing to the opposite here she is behind
no rotar short pulses
and wires which
blocking here these boot funnels
sales signal disappears subject
proposed in the next funnel and here
comparator registers presence
described the subject briefly and if
we will consistently connect these
trigger and then we can do the most
simple thrash her george
Lose Jack just
to lie on the binary number
if you connect then the cipher from the root
can do
our
serial shevchik
or a timer or something else you can do
that's it all with you was a peregrine falcon wait
next episodes for now